this one key concept has made it 90
times more likely that someone buys from
me and I am going to show you that today
so this concept is one called activation
points and it's a simple enough concept
to understand but it makes a big big
difference especially in the content and
the advertising funnels and a lot of
people just don't do it in an
intentional way and if they do do it
it's kind of like they got lucky so
activation points can be thought of as
something of a milestone or like a key
objective that if someone does it they
become so much more likely to convert
and buy something from you they're a way
to push leads deeper into your funnel
and you don't have to spend hours and
hours doing Outreach followup that kind
of stuff so in this video I am going to
show you what activation points are why
you need them and then how to implement
them shouldn't take much longer than 10
to 15 minutes but we'll see I've been
using this strategy for the last seven
years since my first big Mentor showed
up to me and I have seen this do over
$500 million in sales in a single funnel
so it's very very interesting and I'm
going to talk about that in a few so the
problem and the reason that this is a
good video idea is that some services
are very very hard to sell to cold
traffic so they might work in content
they might work through referrals but
once you get into Mass Outreach and a
lot of AD spend they become very
difficult and there's two kind of
categories that this is true for the
first is a lot of Consulting a lot of
coaching those type of offers a lot of
info offers and the second one is
there's a lot of different Services
where even if it's done for you
technically speaking there's a lot that
has to go into it on the client's point
of view and YouTube is one of those for
example you might do the idea the script
the thumbnail the uploading editing all
that kind of stuff but at the end of the
day the client still has to be the one
to film so those are the two main
situations where we might be using
activation points and for if that
describes you you're going to want to
pay extra close attention to this the
second problem is that sometimes if you
grow enough and I'm not sure that
there's a specific Revenue that we can
attach this you're eventually going to
max out your Tam your total addressable
Market the amount of people in your
target audience this will always be a
lot higher than most people think but
alas you know 500k a million dollar a
month in ad spend in some markets will
Max this out so it's also going to be
very valuable for that type of person as
well if you have something like a mass
Market Cold email offer or a mass Market
content offer or you sell some kind of
accounting stuff like your Tam is
basically anyone and it doesn't really
matter but for those that just sell
something that's very specific to a
certain niche
this is going to be for you so there's
three examples and three different
problems that I'm going to talk about
here and those are going to be real
world examples that I've actually seen
and been a part of so the first one is
my example I run a variety of coaching
programs and it's very difficult to sell
that kind of stuff to cold audiences
they don't know who you are they don't
give a they didn't even know what
your philosophy is a lot of the time why
would they care so that's a very big
problem for my type of business the
second one is one that I said before
where it's basically a YouTube business
where you can do everything it can be
done for you so to speak but they still
have to do something and then you know
that's a big problem for you and the
final example I'm going to go over is
the affiliate example and that's the one
where I saw it do $500 million in sales
in about 18 months and in this one it
was a webinar funnel and their big
problem was just people not taking
action so it was a business opportunity
a Biz up you know how to learn affiliate
marketing and make a career out of it
like that was the situation and the
problem was people were not taking
action after the webinar which was their
primary tool to sell this so if we go
back here this is the 1000x elites
funnel and this is the funnel that I
created not that I created the concept
of PID ads content Outreach and
Partnerships but I created the diagram
and the philosophy that puts it all
together so at at the top we have our
four main ways to drive traffic our paid
ads our content our Outreach and our
Partnerships everything that we do to
get clients is going to fall into one of
those buckets realistically there's not
really anything that isn't going to fall
under one of those things in the middle
of our funnel we drive our traffic to
our different lead magnets and email
flows and thank you pages and funnels
and webinars and VSS and newsletters and
all that kind of stuff and at the bottom
of our funnel we have a bunch of
different offer to sell to People based
on whether they're qualified or not this
is the thing that makes a world a
difference in a good marketing funnel
because 99% of people are going to be
unqualified and there's nothing that you
or I or anyone else is going to do to
change that it's just the way it is it's
just like gravity so instead of trying
to fight gravity or come up with a way
to get around gravity we need to do
something different for Gravity we make
a plane or a rocket ship for this we
have different offers so if they're very
unqualified we go to sell them some
digital products usually under $100 but
not always we might stuff our lead
magnets and email flows and newsletters
and that kind of stuff with affiliate
links that we can build up some nice Mr
for tools that they would buy anyways
whether they actually pay us or not we
might also refer them away and collect a
fee we might sell them a course we might
sell them a program or a mastermind or
if they are qualified which some people
but will be of course and that's our
bread and butter we will sell them our
intro offer and then upsell them to our
recurring service or we might just sell
them our recurring service upgrade so
this is a very important stuff because
the activation points if we do it
intentionally are going to be these lead
magnets and email flows up here so I say
the word intentionally which is very
important because a lot of people will
just really nearly make this stuff with
no real thought or anything we will be
doing thought in this video of course so
we will show you exactly how these
activation points come into
play so if we go back to our problems
activation points solve both of these
they solve the problem that some
services are hard to sell and they also
solve the problem of you maxing out your
tan because you're going to make your
own with activation points as amazing as
that sounds so activation points in the
problem number one they kind of act as
Stepping Stones to move people closer to
converting so let's just say it's a
river and you know the river is too wide
it's the current's too strong for
someone to essentially take the leap but
if you put a bunch of stepping stones
and they can hop slowly over the river
eventually they'll get close enough to
the other side where they're comfortable
and the river is the gap between them
where they are now and them buying our
service and the stepping stones are the
activation point if you want to think of
it that way the secondary thing is they
also act as a way to create demand
instead of just capturing it because
think of it this way if you are doing a
YouTube Agency for example basically
your only clients are going to be the
ones you know who are currently doing
YouTube currently recording currently
filming currently comfortable with doing
that but if you have these activation
points and you can basically bring
someone from never even thought about
YouTube to set one step two step three
and you're essentially building up and
creating more people in that total
address ible market and I'm going to go
over that right here right now so the
first example that I am excited to show
you is one of mine and I know that this
is true because I'm the one who has
lived it it's not Theory it's not
guessing it's just how it is and my
activation points and the ones that I
figured out here there's going to be
five of them so let's do the drawing and
go Matt's activation points we'll just
go Matt's AP or APS
here and there's five of them so let's
go one 2 3 four five so there's five
things that if these things are true
people are 90 times more likely to buy
for me and you can actually measure that
quite easily just by comparing your
onboarding form information your cly
book information and then taking a look
at your email flows so it's actually
easier to measure this than you might
think and these five things are first
first you got to do my work form system
so that is my system where every hour of
work you fill out a form with what you
did this is a great way for
accountability the next is my project
management system the next is my CRM
build the next is my
metrix and the final one is my
operations spreadsheet we'll just put
Ops if these people have these five
things in their hand and they're using
them before they ever get on a call with
me they are 90 times more likely to
convert than someone who hasn't done any
of these things and you can measure that
quite easily so in my situation instead
of trying to think about oh my God how
do I make a webinar oh my God how do I
do XY and Z my whole thing is how do I
get these activation points into
people's hands as well as how do I get
them to use them so those are the only
two questions that you really need to do
because generally speaking if someone
has all of these things they're going to
become my clients and that's all there
is to it so instead of how do I get more
clients how do I get more people to
download or access and Implement my
activation points very very very
important
stuff for a YouTube example like we said
before some activation points might be
and think of it this way if someone has
never created a YouTube video before
even if they want to it is still a
tremendous Gulf between them actually
creating it and them becoming your
client for script writing editing ideas
that kind of stuff so the activation
points in this situation would probably
be something more like how do you even
get them comfortable with this kind of
stuff let alone you know your client so
the first thing could be like we just we
going to put gear like production value
like lights microphone that kind of
stuff the next thing would be like how
do you come up with ideas
the next thing would be like an exercise
to speak better on
camera maybe that's a 30-day challenge
maybe that's who knows another one could
be like a YouTube metrics like what to
track and what to get you know familiar
with and then another thing would be
like a YouTube Improvement sheet or
something like that going to just put
imp so if someone has the correct camera
stuff for their budget someone knows how
to come up with ideas someone has done
maybe some practice speaking on camera
to get them more you know used to it
someone knows what metrics ATT track for
and how to measure them and how to
improve them and someone has like a
realistic plan to improve on YouTube no
matter if they're an absolute beginner
and just terrible at it and they kind of
believe they can improve those are
example of five activation points that
will get someone closer and closer to
actually becoming a client so if we go
here again and we go like this is the
river just pretend there's a current
here and this is let's say YouTube you
know rookie someone who's never done
something before and this is the you
know done for you service for example
like that Gap is just far too big for
anybody to you know get by get through
on their own but if you start adding
Stepping Stones like activation Point
number one and then activation Point
number two and then three three and then
four and then five it becomes a lot more
manageable for someone to cross that
River so to speak in this amazing
metaphor what's fun to note and funny to
note is there might not be five there
might be one there might be a 100 and
whatever there is it's your job to find
it but a lot of the time like you don't
really need them to get all five like
maybe this person in this hypothetical
example is not really comfortable
jumping all the way across but they're
comfortable like taking the leap once
they get to 40% of the way across
activation Point number two or once they
get to you know more than halfway across
the river now they can comfortable
taking the leap it's not always a
situation where you have to get them to
do all five but you want to plan for it
or you want to plan for however many
there are and now I'm going to talk
about the example of the one where there
was $500 million in sales so this was
basically an affiliate offer and it was
a bis up so it was how to become a
professional affiliate this was many
years ago at this point probably 6 years
ago six to seven years ago so basically
there was a 15K course uh it was a very
big affiliate Guru and it was a webinar
like that was their method so it was a
believe 90 minute webinar maybe even two
hours so they would run their ad spend
they would get to the webinar people
would show people would learn would get
indoctrinated they would buy or they
they would schedule a call or buy or
they wouldn't type thing and there's a
big problem of people not really taking
action after the webinar it's not like
that's uncommon that's going to be most
people don't take action but that was
the constraint in this funnel where
their show or their show rate was fine
their close rate was fine their
economics were fine their cost per
webinar signup was fine they just needed
to fix this so what they did is they
looked at all of their data and their
call calendar and their onboarding form
and their typ form responses maybe typ
form if that was a thing back in the day
I don't know their form responses and
they looked at it and they're like what
is the one thing or what are the things
that basically from the webinar to
actually let's just say getting on a
sales call what is the one thing that we
could do that makes them more likely to
get through this River to stay with the
analogy
and they found that the number one thing
that determines whether or not someone
moves forward or not more so than anyone
else is if they buy their domain name
right after the webinar so domain name
because they are starting a business
right here right an affiliate business
so that is the number one thing so now
their activation Point their offer is
all about how do we get people to
basically buy this domain name how do we
do that and what they did is is they
said in 24 hours after the webinar if
you send us a screenshot basically of
your god daddy or name cheap or Google
domain purchase of your domain we will
send you $25 to cover the cost of it and
that that was their offer so it
basically overnight they were doing
about2 to3 million per month in sales
when you know I got involved or I was
like fortunate enough to be a part of it
not that I really did anything at this
point this was pretty early in my career
and that just imagine like this line
here is like 2 to 3 million so let's
just say 2 to 3 million on there uh I
think it was brain tree because I
couldn't use stripe after they
implemented this it literally went
straight up like almost like a hockey
puck to like 20 to 30 million per month
literally just or a hockey stick just
literally crazy and that really is the
power of finding the right activation
points when you find them you will
get an increase in sales if you do it
properly of an order of magnitude not
just 10% 20% but like 500% 1,000% maybe
even more so if we want to get to the
implementation of all this kind of stuff
the first thing we really got to
understand is it's way easier to
implement good activation points looking
back and connecting the dots as opposed
to just guessing and this is why I don't
really recommend or or I always
recommend it but I don't talk about it
for people who are not doing several
hundred thousand dollars per month or
more it's just under that you're kind of
just guessing you don't have enough data
sales experience to really understand
when you're at this point what you
really want to do is brainstorm or try
to identify 10 different ones create
five of them and then create five
landing pages email flows deliverables
like everything you need and make sure
each one links to the next so that's
very important so they finish one in my
case they finish their work form the
next one is to do their project
management tool and that's linked right
in there you want to have
basically like an interconnecting web of
activation points so if like we have one
here two here three here four here five
here we really want it to be like
connected all the way through where
there's no real separation between any
activation points they're just all part
of like one different system and that's
really what is going going to make you a
lot of money as opposed to okay I got
the number one now we have a separate
campaign for number two you just want it
to be a big
endless web of activation points where
there's all cross promoting each other
they all lead into one another that's
the best way to get people to activate
because even if they don't need to
activate all of them to actually become
a client let's plan for it right plan
for the worst hope for the best then we
have that in our newsletter our email
flows in our communities we have
retargeting ads for each of them and
we're just basically trying to get
people
into this whole system where we have all
of our different activation points when
we do this you know basically what's
going to happen is we're going to get a
steady stream of people flowing into
each our Market is going to be growing
because we are actually building it
ourselves with getting all these people
who weren't in our Market before and now
they are and after they hit enough
activation points all automatically as
part of our overall all you know lead
generation funnel all all of our
sequence we are going to be getting
non-stop calls out of nowhere that's
what I always hear when I tell people to
do this and they do it just randomly
getting calls yeah no we're not randomly
getting calls we are doing the system to
Perfection I hope this was valuable and
I'll see you in the next one